annot: Mince onions
ACTID: 0
PRED: mince
[DOBJ, food] onions (-1)
annot: add ground beef to a bowl with them
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] ground beef (-1)
[PP, location, to] a bowl (-1)
[PP, food, with] them (0)
annot: Add bread crumbs, parmesan cheese, soy sauce, crushed garlic, milk, egg
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] bread crumbs (-1), parmesan cheese (-1), soy sauce (-1), crushed garlic (-1), milk (-1), egg (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: season with salt and pepper
ACTID: 3
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] (2)
[PP, food, with] salt (-1), pepper (-1)
annot: use hand to mix everything
ACTID: 4
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] everything (3)
annot: Take small portion of the mixture to shape into balls
ACTID: 5
PRED: shape
[DOBJ, food] small portion of the mixture (4)
[PP, other, into] balls (-1)
annot: Add some oil to a preheated pan
ACTID: 6
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a preheated pan (-1)
annot: Put the balls in
ACTID: 7
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the balls (5)
[PP, food, in] (6)
annot: cook in batches
ACTID: 8
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (7)
[PP, other, in] batches (-1)
annot: Add some cooking oil to a preheated pan
ACTID: 9
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some cooking oil (-1)
[PP, location, to] a preheated pan (-1)
annot: Add onions, garlic
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] onions (-1), garlic (-1)
[PP, food, ] (9)
annot: saute
ACTID: 11
PRED: saute
[DOBJ, food] (10)
annot: Add favourite pasta sauce, a little water
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] favourite pasta sauce (-1), a little water (-1)
[PP, food, ] (11)
annot: season with basil
ACTID: 13
PRED: season
[DOBJ, food] (12)
[PP, food, with] basil (-1)
annot: Add sugar, pepper and the bell peppers
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] sugar (-1), pepper (-1), the bell peppers (-1)
[PP, food, ] (13)
annot: Stir
ACTID: 15
PRED: stir
[DOBJ, food] (14)
annot: cook to a boil
ACTID: 16
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (15)
[PP, other, to] a boil (-1)
annot: Add the balls in it
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the balls (8)
[PP, food, in] it (16)
annot: cook with lid covered
ACTID: 18
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (17)
[PP, other, with] lid covered (-1)
annot: Boil some spaghetti in the water for 10 minutes
ACTID: 19
PRED: boil
[DOBJ, food] some spaghetti (-1)
[PP, location, in] the water (-1)
[PP, other, for] 10 minutes (-1)
annot: Pour the sauce on the cooked pasta
ACTID: 20
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] the sauce (18)
[PP, food, on] the cooked pasta (19)
annot: place meat balls on top
ACTID: 21
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food]  meat balls (18)
[PP, food, on] top (20)